dagrad Non-commercial License
Copyright (c) 2024

Redistribution and use for non-commercial 
purposes in source and binary forms, with or 
without modification, are permitted provided that 
the following conditions are met:

1. The software is used solely for non-commercial 
purposes. It may not be used indirectly for 
commercial use, such as on a website that accepts 
advertising money for content. 

2. Redistributions of source code must retain the 
above copyright notice, this list of conditions 
and the following disclaimer.

3. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce 
the above copyright notice, this list of 
conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided 
with the distribution.

The above copyright notice and this permission 
notice shall be included in all copies or 
substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT 
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN 
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE 
OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

